Andrew Loveless

Amazing professor, his attention to detail for every subject is incredible. Always willing to listen and always willing to talk, attend his office hours even if you don't have questions, being there makes you intrigued to learn more calculus. Midterms' medians are high and are easier than those of other professors. He's also hilarious in lectures!

Super awesome professor, actually cares about how his students are doing. Can explain complicated topics in a way that makes them much more approachable.

If you can, take prof loveless. You're missing out if you dont.

he is so nice and respectful to students

I loved professor loveless, my goat. always detailed what the tests would look like and gave a ton of resources for you to succeed.

Amazing professor, 100% recommend. I didn't read the textbook, as the lectures were enough. Gives extra credit on homework if completed early and if you answer a question during Test Prep section. Very caring person, office hours are a great time to do homework. About 3 homework assignments each week and takes ~6 hours total.

Highest moutain, longest river

God among men when it comes to teaching calculus.

Regardless of which class you're taking in the sequence, he is a phenomenal professor. He walks through problems to completion and teaches at a steady pace, which is hard to come by at UW. Always opt for Loveless if you can; he is your best chance to truly understand calculus. I'd even go so far as to say he's the best professor I've had here.

I did not click with his teaching style but others like him. I found that his lectures were not very clear. He teaches the very basic concept in class, but the homework expands on concepts in ways that are not on exams. Lots of tedious homework, but ygives EC if you submit it before 2 days before the deadline. Nice person, office hours are good.

Dr. Loveless is very nice guy with a lot of dad jokes. In Math 120, if you finished the homework 2 days before the deadline you get extra credit. Homework levels was very reasonable. I never felt overwhelmed in his class. He holds office hours really frequently which is very nice. He really loves his job and that honestly makes his class the best.

Just an all-around awesome guy.

Great guy. big fan.

Great professor! Truly cares about his students, and the structure and material of the class are understandable. The best professor Ive taken so far at UW

Professor Loveless genuinely cares that every student enjoys learning. While the knowledge I came into math 125 with made the class relatively easy for me, the key to success is indeed going through old exams. Follow his advice regarding exam studying. If you do so correctly, you'll find that his exams are predictable. Great professor!

What a legendary calc teacher.

Dr. Loveless is certainly not love-less. He is Dr. Love-full. His passion for math and teaching is evident in his dad-humor-lectures and endless help. He had the best Canvas page/materials. He records lectures, videos, and is active in Ed discussions. I never painfully struggled. His Math 126 materials will save me in Calc 3. I miss his class. :'(

It really doesn't get better than Loveless! Don't get me wrong, you will need to work for your math grade (just like any UW math class), but Loveless goes above and beyond to make sure his students are successful and is very open to feedback. He makes lecture fun and it actually makes you want to go to class.

participation in sections was graded with participation quiz. Loveless is an amazing teacher and really cares for his students. 125 was a really hard class but the professor was amazing.

Dr. Loveless is an incredible professor, which is well reflected in his lecturing style and wide range of support for students. He really cares about the success of his students, and one time after lecture, he went out of his way to one-on-one teach me ways to study more effectively for like half an hour. An amazing experience and an amazing prof.

Teaches well in lectures. Really helped my understanding.