Aurel Bulgac

This professor honestly made me lose passion for the subject which is not what you want from a professor. I had to completely learn through the textbook and my TA had to teach the whole class in office hours. avoid if possible.

Only graded on exams, 20% on 5 out of 6 quizzes, 30% on 1 of 2 midterms, 50% of grade is on the final. 0 useful lectures, 0 respect for students, yells at students for asking questions and cuts off students before they can finish their question. Talks about nonsense half of the time. Do not take this professor even if it is your last hope.

Go look at the future quarter's schedule and ask around, someone better will teach a different quarter. I literally reorganized a large portion of this year's myplan just to avoid taking 228 with him. He frequently makes major errors and then when someone points out his errors he yells at them, this happened most lectures. He cannot teach at all.

Only the strong survive.

Prof. Bulgac is amazing, I don’t know what the others are talking about. His tests and quizzes are straightforward.

Going to lecture damages your chances of succeeding; studying the textbook is necessary. He covers only 1/3 of the final’s content (50% of the grade), hates partial credit, mocks struggling students, and hands the course evaluation randomly in the final week to the brave few, yet still has a terrible rating. Neither him nor you will enjoy this.

Professor Bulgac teaches at a very high level so his lectures must be corroborated by the textbook if you're learning the content for the first time. Grading is all test and quiz-based with no graded homework. That being said, exams and quizzes strongly reflected examples from lectures, even though they are often very conceptually difficult.

Lectures are close to useless, he will skip or jump between topics without thought, poor organization of slides, often hostile toward students. Rarely answers questions that are asked, instead making remarks about our effort or intelligence. Grade was entirely quizzes and exams. The final was different from midterms and practice. Self study needed.

Uses outdated slides, doesn't explain anything, somehow makes concepts MORE confusing than they are. I was utterly lost until I started skipping all classes and self studying, then I finally began learning. If you have the unfortunate fate of taking him, do linear algebra first, know series, rely on the god tier TAs. You can survive this! (maybe)

Easily the worst professor I've had the displeasure of encountering. Cruel and demeaning toward students. Makes it obvious he doesn't care about students learning. All grades were based off tests which were majority copied verbatim. Final exam was nothing like practice or content covered and the final grade was screwed up. The TAs were amazing.

This class was pretty terrible solely because of how heavily weighted the final exam was. It was worth 50% of our grade and covered content that was poorly taught and not on any of the practice exams. Avoid Bulgac if you can! Not worth risking the GPA hit to get the requirement out of the way.

This professor was extremely hard to understand during lectures. Halfway through the quarter, his classes switched from in person to zoom. On top of all of that, he's made very concerning jokes with students involving threats. His whole grading system is based on quizzes/midterms/final exam, and is very late in also grading everything.

He's the most unhelpful professor you will ever encounter. If you are here because you need to take his class please consider taking it another quarter. You're better off self learning material from the textbook than go to his lectures. He will be aggressive if you ask him any questions.

Extremely confusing; lectures are not helpful at all. He makes a lot of references to terrorism, quotes Reagan, tells problematic jokes, uses strange analogies about a dull knife in his office. Seems upset when asked questions, and even more upset he asks a question and a student's answer isn't exactly what he wanted. I relied entirely on the TA.

I was in phys 121, but there was no option for that. Bulgac was rude to students with questions, flippant with teaching the lecture material, and generally hard to understand due to his mumbling and trailing off midsentence. Avoid him in entry level classes because he doesn't seem to care. He responded to emails promptly though.

Definitely a cool guy with a subtle sense of humor, but his lectures aren't always the clearest and his exams had a lot of content that weren't covered directly in-class. Average class grades were always 50%, which felt pretty rough. Overall he's not horrible, but he's far from the most helpful professor I've had.