Kevin Lin

Disaster. DO NOT TAKE IT. Only use exams to rate score, other attendance and projects only contribute a little to the score but takes so much time. Class time only talk about practice exams, so you must learn all the concepts before the class. RUN

Although he indeed covers a lot of content in this intro python class, he wasn't a harsh grader. Besides, he always gives us challenging examples to work on during the lecture and provides useful tricks for those problems, so it was inspiring. So overall, if you're interested in python and planning to learn more about it as a non-cs major student

Delights in reporting students for misconduct, creating a stressful classroom environment (in my experience). I was also uncomfortable with the fact that he conducts research related to computer science education about students of his classes, and writes about his reporting students, without informed consent.

Not as bad as the other reviews may claim, but still a low rating. He has an excellent oration style and is able to conduct lectures in an engaging way. However outside of that the assignments are confusing and hard to understand and the grading scale is over complicated.

Does not use conventional rubric and grades arbitrarily, making a confusing experience for students. Insufferable about avant garde teaching practices over actually teaching the subject at hand.

The greatest failing of his class is that he doesn't provide many practice problems outside of class. I would recommend going to office hours WITH Kevin, take care to go to these over the ones with TAs. Kevin's explanations are sometimes messy in class but much clearer in OH.

Bro was changing the syllabus even after midterms, worst lecture I've ever taken

Kevin is an intelligent man but a bad lecturer and teacher, and does not take responsibility for his constant failures. Fun Fact: the CS department has to offer major perks to get TAs to work with him because otherwise no one would. Did not learn much from this guy

Kevin is passionate and approachable. He sets up time slots to get to know the students. Just don't be caught off guard by his grading. Instead of adding up your grade in each category, the percentages are multiplied. This gives a worse outcome than you expect because when you multiply two numbers smaller than 1, you get an even smaller number.

He moves through content quickly during the first few weeks of class. I felt myself learning a lot more from doing the homework and looking back at lecture slides. The only big criticism I have is about the grading. It is graded on interviews and homework/attendance just scales that. Fairly easy class but grading is kinda unclear if you want a 4.0.

Nice guy + passionate prof, but class structure and grade scale is very overdesigned - I had no idea at ALL what my final grade would be due to unclear communication of how exactly grades are computed + many tests/quizzes needing a curve. Lectures are also VERY fast/difficult to follow w/graded attendance, so show up and lock in. Avoid if possible

please wait for a better prof if you could

just don't

NIGHTMARE. Lin has opaque and inflexible grading based on his whims. He's the definition of "...they that have the least wit are the greatest babblers." The class lacks personalized feedback for someone who talks so much about learning and his harsh grading, leading to tons of time deciphering vague expectations rather than coding practice