Leta provides a fun and entertaining classroom environment, and the content is engaging. Make sure to stay up to date with the textbook as lectures tend to cover a smaller amount than is addressed on exams.

She tends to tell a lot of stories during lectures, so while the class is laidback and fun, you might have to study a bit more independently for certain topics. She loves activities and group projects and doesn't grade harshly. Her exams require you to be able to apply your understanding to potential real-world scenarios.

Leta is a wonderful, kind professor who works hard to help her students both in and outside the classroom. She ensures the lecture is fun and engaging. Leta responds quickly to student questions and genuinely cares about their success in her class.

Taking her marketing class rn, got mad at my group for doing work from the book that we haven't covered in class yet, but the content was in the book, and gave us a 0 for it when the whole class curriculum is based on the book anyway. She's hard to please if you don't do every single little thing she wants exactly how she wants it when she wants it

super kind and a good teacher

Leta was really nice but her lectures were not very useful for the content that we were tested on. However, you have to go to class in order to get lecture material because she does not record them. The class is based on group projects and 3 concept checks. I personally did not read the assigned text but it would be helpful for concept checks.

She censors her presentation slides and makes attendance mandatory through Pollev. Honestly, kinda a boring class. I'm sure she's fine outside the classroom.

Rly easy class, 3 tests total but you can just use quizlets found online and your notes from the slides in lecture to study, it's curved so no big deal. She's chill, lectures can be a lil boring but overall she's a rly rly nice person, country analysis report isn't hard if you have a good group, I never stress about this class, W overall

Honestly, the class is what you make out of it. During lectures, fill in the blanks on the slides, they will never be posted complete but always be tested. if you study that and the vocab words of the chapters, you are set to do well on the exams. The lectures can be boring but attendance is mandatory so show up and contribute to the conversation.

Great professor who cares a lot about her students. Participation matters a lot so make sure you show up to class and participate. Other than that just pay attention and use study guides for the tests and the class is very doable.

Leta is old school who thinks her class is so important and treats everyone like children. I feel like I'm wasting time and money to sit in this class but then she does everything in her power to make you come to class: classes are not recorded, she leaves blanks on slides that's only shown in lectures.

Leta is sweet and has many personal stories that are super interesting. My biggest piece of advice is to take notes on EVERYTHING, including what she says but doesn't show on slides in class. Take notes on activities and presentations from students too because it will all be on the exam. Read the textbook and pay attention to minor details for exam

Teaches it like a kindergarten class, gives out gold stars to put on your name tag when you raise your hand and answer a question like a good boy. She intentionally leaves out key information from the slides she posts on canvas to encourage you to come to class. The lectures were boring and added nothing to the material in the textbook. Avoid.

Leta is a great professor, and I found the class interesting. The tests were primarily textbook based, and her lectures strived to be different from the textbook. Activities were fun but did not relate to the test curriculum. Make sure you read and pay close attention to her slides because the most smallest things will be on the test.

Best Foster Professor. Participate and study, you will do well. Fun activities during class.
