Marko Madunic

I don't get the hate. His lectures were great and incredibly helpful. For sure go to office hours if you are confused: he is super sweet and will explain stuff thoughtfully and take the time to make sure you understand. The midterm and final were definitely hard it was easy to lose points and the textbook wasn't very useful.

The class is difficult but he does a good job of making it approachable. Explains everything as if we start off knowing nothing, and one of the most inclusive professors I've had so far. Quizzes and exams are exactly like practice, and we get notes sheets for each one. Great professor overall, funny guy and clearly passionate abt the subject

He violates FERPA rights. Would recommend NOT taking him!

His lectures are not engaging and they don't help much with the homework. The lectures are recorded, but don't get posted until 1 week before the exam so if you miss something, you're going to have to wait a while to go back to watch it.

I think Marko is a great guy, however hes not the best lecturer. I did not find his lecturing style where he goes straight from slides helpful. He also gatekeeps the lectures until a week before an exam which sucks.
To be completely honest, the professor himself was not awful but the way he set up the class was rough. The class concepts were not engaging and the grading scale is so bad. Every 14.9 points you get marked off is 0.1 off your GPA, but each question is worth so many points so if you get one question wrong your grade is guaranteed to drop.

UPDATE: I PASSED AYE. This was actually my lowest grade I've received at foster (2.0). I am very devastated cuz I did try, but I can tell you that if you're good with math and have an analytical brain I can see how you could do not bad. Not everyone will snuggle the same way, but plz use ur resources! FIT and office hours. It's not the worst class!

Lecture material isn't super helpful when it comes to the homework or quizzes. Just do some research and studying from outside sources and you'll be good. Not as hard as everyone else says it is.

Class was awful; tests and quizzes are significantly more difficult than given course materials. Be sure not to miss any lectures, and his teaching style consists of in-person examples.

DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS

No passion, it's like he is there just for a paycheck. I get it is a boring class but at least be responsive to students and try to help. Would not recommend taking him.

Do NOT take him. He makes exams and quizzes extremely hard. He also never responds to emails. He also doesn't take questions during lecture to top it off.

I don't know a single person in his class that showed any form of liking to him. Horrible professor, would NOT recommend taking him ever.

Genuinely the WORST professor in all of UW.

Picture this: your parents are going through a divorce while you are taking this course and it affects your mental being so you can't keep up with the class. Then you take the midterm because the tuition was alr paid for. You get the worst score ever and he posts everyones scores on the test to the whole class This is the kind of professor he is.

The class does not require a textbook even though he says it's mandatory. He doesn't allow computers in class which is frustrating especially if you already know the material and don't need to pay attention 100% of the time. Just bring an iPad if possible and take notes. Study before exams and you should do fine. Group projects are poorly set up.

Madunic wasn't great, but he really isn't terrible, either. Make sure to pay attention while he demonstrates how to solve a problem. You can miss a lot of easy points on homework and quizzes, so be careful. He also doesn't pace himself well during lectures, so they can be too rushed or slow. Read the textbook and you'll be fine.

I would recommend taking this class at a CC. The lectures are long and boring and often don't make sense. The material is already hard and the way he teaches it just makes it worse. He is a nice guy but this class is brutal and he does nothing to help your grade. Don't take this unless you want to ruin your GPA.

It wasn't bad, but it wasn't good. He consistently canceled his office hours, which was annoying. Most of his tests and quizzes had questions from previous years. Overall, he's a nice guy but could've taught the course better.
