Natalie Naehrig

Great lectures, super easy tests, light homework, and Natalie connected the content to actually be applicable to outside of class.

Light tests

Good lectures, clear instructions, lots of resources

She makes a mistake every single lecture and relies on the class to correct her. Both of her pages of content that would be on the midterm had multiple typos of equations, and her answer keys have wrong answers. None of this gets fixed unless a student points it out. Students lose points because they were given the wrong equations.

Agree that a lot of mistakes are made, but I found Prof Naehrig to be generous with grading, and the content for tests are very clear. Definitely need to study to do well and watch lectures on time but she does a wonderful job teaching the course content.

She really does care about her students doing well and thoroughly explains all topics. Definitely recommend!

The content covered in class are basically just how to use formula and theorems to do calculations, and exams are much too easy. However, I want to learn more through a more challenging class. What she did was not enough. She is a very nice and responsible person though.

Very good lecture style with pre-lecture videos and time to do homework in lecture.

She is very caring obviously, as evidenced by her generous grading policy. Algebra is a very abstract subject, but she does a good job of explaining it in a simple enough manner. This course is not easy, and it does require a lot of work, but at the same time it does feel rewarding. Its actually also pretty fun-i liked algebra better than analysis.

Lectures teach nothing, she makes you do problems in class. I'd rather be taught and learn later than on the spot, especially when it's really difficult to understand where she's at. Like why are we using polls for attendance and to solve within 3 minutes... I took professor Pierce for math 112, it was perfect... this class, not so much.

She is so bad at teaching and literally gets confused by her own questions and makes the class hard with the overbearing amount of homework that she gives out separately. For someone who is completely new to calculus, I found it difficult.

Professor Naehrig is a very kind person and her pre-lecture videos were very helpful. The poll everywhere was graded on accuracy every class, so that was a downside, and she tended to make a lot of mistakes during the pre-lecture videos and lectures, which detracted from learning. Overall the class was good.

She assigns a lengthy amount of homework and half of the time, none of the content will be on the test. From the perspective of someone who did very little calculus in high school, you need to do the practice exams she gives out as they are tailored to the actual test.

Professor Naehrig isn't the greatest professor since there is a ton of webassign hw that doesn't even help you on exams since the midterm archives will. She is extremely nice in her office hours and is much more helpful in a one on one setting. But should stick to upper level math courses and not the intro series.

good teaching, good answers, lots of participation in lectures