Nicole McNichols

Very authentic and easy to follow. Lectures are engaging and interactive!

Very easy and fun class. Homework could be completed quickly, 500 word reflection due each week, and open book exams. She also gives extra credit for writing a reflection on her newsletter and the people in it. Her class is so much fun, its very welcoming and eye opening. She talks about a lot of different subjects that people see as taboo. 10/10

Easiest class I have ever taken. One 500-word reflection due every Sunday on lecture topics, plus 1–2 weekly readings with questions, most of which can be answered with basic logic. TAs are slow at grading but very lenient. Three online exams that are also mostly logic-based. Online is much better than IRL in my opinion.

Loved her so much. If you need a DIV, strongly recommend. Class is very manageable and lectures are interesting. Learned a lot and will miss the class very much.

Nicole is well-known and incredibly respected in the industry. She was a good lecturer and knew how to elaborate. The class itself was easy and chill, definitely a good way to get a DIV credit. Truly just a good person all around, and I'd recommend taking!

Nicole McNichols had this online class graded criteria where you had to give detailed responses to question that evoked more opinion than facts, theoretically allowing morals and ethics into discussion. Yet, she has personally threatened to suspend and even push to expel me over my fair and honest opinion on relationships and sex. #PseudoFeminist

lectures at first were super funny but in the middle of the quarter got sort of repetitive. minimal work and sometimes interesting.

Professor McNichols is a great lecturer and keeps the class very engaging. At some point, however, the content does get repetitive, and the $100 textbook seems like a waste of money. If you take this class, I recommend taking the asynchronous version as attendance is not mandatory. It's an easy 4.0 as long as you do the work and pay attention.

Her "anonymous" comments are not so anonymous. She revealed a classmates name when she felt insulted by his respose then publicly shamed him in a 400+ person lecture. Truly unprofessional and a huge turnoff to a class that was otherwise cool. Also ridiculous that she makes us buy her expensive textbook that just goes into her pocket.

She's okay! It was fun in the start of the quarter but the class slowly gets boring. We have to pay for a textbook (which I don't really do normally but then it's mandatory since she wrote the book herself). I enjoyed her class. Fun extra-credit.

An easy class and easy 4.0, there's a 0.2 GPA boost offered for writing a reflection. Not a bad class but the lectures are either easy to space out during or over the top and awkward to watch (example: role playing with a dominatrix). Overall its really easy but she's kind of weird

This class is genuinely a joke. It was very easy, but completely pointless. You have to pay over $100 for the online textbook that is not user friendly, Dr McNichols hardly showed up to lecture even before she was injured (luckily I did the online version), and she uses outdated terms and is generally weird when discussing LGBT+ topics. Huge waste

Multiple short opinions:

Goated professor, every UW student should take one of her classes

She's a savage. Absolute GOAT

Amazing professor, truly cares for her students and their futures

Amazing at her job and overall a funny and kind person

Absolute legend. Recommend her 1000 times over
