Samantha Robinson

Was a really bad Proffesor had her for Chemistry 120, gen chem is an easy course but she makes it hard and complicates the content and gets argumentative when you ask her questions. I don't know why she gets hired many people would try so much and she would find anything to use against you. Her tests are tricky and try's to confuse you.

Dr. Robinson is one of the better profs at UW. OCHEM is supposed to be hard and she says that, but she is a great teacher and has a good sense of how students learn. She is also one of the only profs that I think wants all of her students to do well and wants what is best for them. The best of all of the option if you need to take OCHEM.

She's an enthusiastic lecturer who genuinely wants students to understand the material. Very caring, answers questions encouragingly, and keeps the class well-organized (everything you need is really easy to find on Canvas). Honestly confused by the negative reviews; I thought she was a great professor.

She had normally good lectures, only struggle was answering too many questions which led her to rush her last few slides. Her class structure had clear expectations each week (2 readings,1 hw). Sometimes she over or under explains confusing concepts. Ochem is hard no matter the professor, but I believe she was good! Final exam however? devastating.

Dr.Robinson is very kind and some problems are out of her control (lecture being at 8:30, median grade policy, information to cover) so don't panic with reviews. Fair tests, but labs difficult to get full points & lots of errors in grading - prepare to advocate for yourself A LOT. Go to lecture in person even w/ panopto: you will do so much better.

I wouldn't recommend taking if you're not ready to teach yourself a lot of the content. The flipped lecture style makes it so she rushes through the slides that only really contain summaries. Concept videos, discussion worksheets, and youtube were most helpful to learn. She def knows her chem so exams are tricky and long, partial credit is hard.

She lied to us about test content, told us certain things would NOT be on the final, but were. Not particularly trustworthy but a decent professor.

Not the best at teaching and argumentative when asked about how content on the exam was related to what we had learned in lecture. Would not recommend taking her class.

Spends egregious amounts of lecture time going over the easily understandable concepts while speedrunning all of the hard content. Tests aren't too bad

I have never felt the need to leave a review on a teacher, but the final exam for this class was absolutely ridiculous. I studied so much and it wouldn't have mattered. The test was ten times harder than any problems she covered or practice exams and I don't think I would've been prepared if I studied for a month.

Dr. R is one of the main reasons why I'm leaving the biochem major. I did well in genchem, but I cannot deal with her Ochem classes. If you take this class, READ THE TEXTBOOK AND DO THE PRACTICE QUESTIONS. Even then, you might not pass as the exams are way harder than her practice ones and not like the homework. Basically u teach urself and pray.

No real teaching at all. You have to do everything by yourself. She even missed chapters and go over everything like you already know all of the concepts pretty well. The homework and what she teaches is never the same thing in exam. The exam is totally different and much harder！

Make sure you read the textbook before going to class because she will race through a topic and then give a poll (credit for participation) on it so if you don't have a decent understanding you will quickly get behind in the lecture. There is so much info in the lecture but she doesn't effectively explain it.

Samantha is okay. Lectures are dense with information, but she either drags or rushes specific lectures. We spent too long reviewing gen chem topics and too little time on difficult topics like reactions. Her midterms are chill. Mostly multiple-choice questions (partial-credit is almost impossible) and minimal "explain this..." style questions.

Make sure to read the textbook and do all the practice problems she suggests.

Very pleasant and covered the material effectively. If you're willing to attend or watch lectures, you should do pretty well.

Chemistry is hard, so it will be tough but she genuinely cares about the students which is nice
