Terry Swanson

Lectures are not mandatory at all and can even ruin the process of learning. You never know what to take notes on, but all tests are online and open note. Labs are easy and engaging. Great dude, and 80 points of extra credit available.

He offers tons of extra credit. The course is pretty easy, just make sure you are actually watching the lectures and doing the assignments and you'll do fine.
Great professor! Lectures were boring and difficult to follow at times, but the extra-credit and open-note tests made up for it. Definitely recommend for non-majors (or anyone)!

I took it through online. The lecture is super easy and his explanation is super clear. The content is also easy, and there are A LOTTT OF extra credits. Just take it I love him.

I really enjoyed this class and Terry! The content was so interesting (and I say this as an English major), and Terry was a great lecturer. Even in such a massive class, it was clear he really cared about his students, and was so passionate about the content. I also had a lot of fun with the labs.

Terry is such an amazing lecturer and overall human. Even though i'm not particularly interested in Geology he made lectures interesting and information easily understood and his passion is evident. He offers many extra credit opportunities and sometimes his dog (Hank the Cattle Dog) joins him. I wish him and his buddy Hank well!

Amazing professor, attendance isn't required but you'll want to go to lecture since he's so enthusiastic and passionate! Learned so much in this class and as a STEM major with tons of difficult classes I recommend this as a smooth, easy class that is also fun and knowledgable! Cannot recommend Professor Terry enough.

I'm in the minority. I really didn't enjoy this class, but that was no fault of Terry. I just do not like STEM classes. Terry is nice and creates a great learning environment. His extra credit is grade saving for those like me. Exams are genuinely difficult. If you don't like stem maybe find a softer stem class, but it's not too bad

I wouldn't say it was hard but it was EXTREMELY tedious. We had to do soooo much for a level 100 class. I honestly would say I spent 2x more on the assignments than i did in my 300 level classes. There was alot of extra credit so that helped. This class is not easyeasy like everyone says tbh.

way too much work for a 100 level class. Refused to give DRS accommodations to students who have them. never responded to emails. Would grade a 0 if I could.

Terry is knowledgeable in the subject and ESS101 is very easy. However he is quite unhelpful and out of touch with extenuating circumstances. The night a lab was due I was extremely sick and rushed to the ER and when I showed him my hospital papers and asked for extra time he refused said it was my fault. His grading criteria is also very unclear.

Quirky and fun

Can't hate the man. Carries UW

Terry is a great person, keeps lecture interesting, is honest and kind. Keep up with lectures and labs.

I respect his passion to teach, amazing professor. Gives a lot of extra credit.

Offered tons of extra credit opportunities. Made a seemingly uninteresting class actually interesting. Loved his passion!

Professor Swanson shows has a lot of enthusiasm while teaching, can tell he is extremely passionate about the class

Great teacher truly cares about his students

Not a good lecturer, most slides are too many words
lots of extra credit, interesting labs and movie nights
