Toby Smith

Super nice guy and passionate about the class, I took him for ASTR321. Can be a little tough because if you miss one sentence he says in lecture it might end up on the exam, and theres no way to catch up if you miss lectures bc he doesn’t post what he actually says out loud on the canvas slides. Show up to every class and take really good notes

As a communications major, this class was a great non-STEM friendly Natural Science credit. The geology and math aspects can be a little tricky at times, but he does a good job explaining everything. READ HIS TEXTBOOK! It does a great job summarizing his lectures.

Lectures aren’t recorded, the slides are mostly pictures so they can’t be deciphered on your own, tests are all written answers and very conceptual, there were no Tas or office hours, homework assignments were physics concepts not covered in class, and class ended around 30-50 minutes every day after speeding through 100 slides


Really recommend this class for anyone who wants to bulk up their GPA. Overall this class wasn't difficult at all but Lectures are not recorded so attendance is pretty much required (no one checks though). Overall had a great experience and Prof. Toby was really good at explaining concepts.

His lectures are interesting and engaging in my opinion but I know some people find him boring. I'd say he speaks crazy fast given the fact that his slides are mostly pictures and anything he says could be on the tests. If you pay attention you'll do fine enough. The course load is light though which is nice.

Fabulous and enthusiastic teacher. You'll learn a lot, but you absolutely MUST attend lecture! Grades are made up of section assignments (done at home), weekly quizzes (done at home) and 3 exams done in class with pen and paper! Bare bones slides provided online, so GO TO CLASS!


He speeds through lecture, like ending class 30-40 mins before the official time sort of speed. Good professor but his power-points will test to your ability to take comprehensive notes quickly.

Very nice and thoughtful professor who's easy to talk to. The class is easy and Toby made some great explanations and assignments that weren't very time consuming assuming you started it early. You get to submit assignments up until the deadline and he'll comment on if you messed up on your code. Would and will take again, Toby is great!

So sigma. Lectures are a lot of info at once so it's important not to skip, but they're still easy to follow along to. Engaging and interesting course

Very knowledgeable about the subject he teaches. He moves extremely fast through lectures, so lectures end early, but if you can't move as fast it makes it difficult to keep up. Lectures aren't recorded and slides are a majority pictures. Upcoming test questions and grading system aren't extremely clear. Very kind professor, but had some trouble.

Toby Smith is a great dude and you can tell he's passionate about what he teaches. The content is fairly straight forward, and class always ended early. Only problem is that lectures aren't recorded, and the slides are all pictures, so if you don't go to class, you're basically doomed unless you have a friend with really good notes

2 exams and like 20 small quizzes Super manageable workload the small quizzes are take home online so all you gotta do is lock in on the exams. And all old exams are available and the tests are almost identical to old ones just different numbers. PERFECT elective class super easy concepts to understand. Just don't miss a lecture lol.

loved showing up to this class i highly recommend taking it! just make sure u show up to the lectures and youll be fine

My favorite professor so far. He was funny and cool and super accommodating